Dean Wang, why are you here?
Engraving someone reported you for taking bribes
Sit tight, please accept the investigation
Well, no Dean Wang
Dean Dean
Let me explain.
The dean is wronged, wronged
Dean Wang, why are you here?
I was notified
Replace Zhao Ke to see a doctor for Ms. Chen Qiuju
How is that possible?
Can't remember the last moment
Don't define it. It's impossible.
How could a poor man like him be as poor as Dean Wang?
Rich or poor
As long as you get sick
As a doctor, you have a duty to treat them
Your previous attending doctor was suspected of taking bribes
Perjury has been taken away for investigation
It's true.
Will be fired
Your follow-up treatment will be my sole responsibility
Guaranteed recovery
Thank you Dean Wang
That's impossible.
Dean Wang
My mom still needs to remember
Please go out